Why React (#30)
SW705E19/report: sections/design/why-react.tex

\section{Why React}
For our frontend, we decided to use React.

> React is a JavaScript library for creating web applications\cite{ReactJS}. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React is a JavaScript library for creating web applications \cite{ReactJS}. 
```

\\

> React is one of the most popular choices when it comes to frontend development\cite{NPMVueReactAngular}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React is one of the most popular choices when it comes to frontend development \cite{NPMVueReactAngular}.
```

> It is created by Facebook and used for their website as well as numerous other websites\cite{ReactHistory}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is created by Facebook and used for their website as well as numerous other websites \cite{ReactHistory}.
```

React is lightweight and allows the user to choose what additional libraries they would want to use in their project, which keeps its size down.
\\

> It also has an extensive ecosystem that offers various solutions one could need in their web applications.

Reviewer 2: Tror at det er lidt forvirrende at du kalder det solutions. Er det du mener med den her sætning ikke at der findes en masse react specifikke libraries som man kan bruge sammen med react ?

> Being this popular results in a very robust ecosystem with lots of users, but this is also needed as the libraries are managed by the react community and is not a part of the core React library, unlike other frontend libraries\cite{Vue}.

Reviewer 2: sammenhængen imellem den her sætning og den forrige er ikke helt klar. Så jeg bliver lidt i tvivl om du mener med at selve react librariet bliver managed by the react community, eller om du snakker om 3rd party libraries.

> Being this popular results in a very robust ecosystem with lots of users, but this is also needed as the additional libraries are maintained exclusively by the react community and are not a part of the core React library, unlike other frontend libraries such as Vue\cite{Vue}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Being this popular results in a very robust ecosystem with lots of users, but this is also needed as the additional libraries are maintained exclusively by the react community and are not a part of the core React library, unlike other frontend libraries such as Vue \cite{Vue}.
```

> Being this popular results in a very robust ecosystem with lots of users, but this is also needed as the additional ecosystem libraries are maintained exclusively by the react community and is not a part of the core React library, unlike other frontend libraries such as Vue\cite{Vue}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Being this popular results in a very robust ecosystem with lots of users, but this is also needed as the additional libraries are maintained exclusively by the react community and are not a part of the core React library, unlike other frontend libraries such as Vue\cite{Vue}.
```

\\\\

> React was created so that it would be easier to make reusable UI components that can handle data that changes regularly\cite{ReactHistory}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React was created so that it would be easier to make reusable UI components that can handle data that changes regularly \cite{ReactHistory}.
```

\section{Why React}
For our frontend, we decided to use React.
React is a Javascript library for creating web applications\cite{ReactJS}. 
\\
React is one of the most popular choices when it comes to frontend development\cite{NPMVueReactAngular}.
It is created by Facebook and used for their website as well as numerous other websites\cite{ReactHistory}.
React is lightweight and allows the user to choose what additional libraries they would want to use in their project, which keeps its size down.
\\
It also has an extensive ecosystem that offers various solutions one could need in their web applications.
Being this popular results in a very robust ecosystem with lots of users, but this is also needed as the libraries are managed by the react community and is not a part of the core React library, unlike other frontend libraries\cite{Vue}.
\\\\
React was created so that it would be easier to make reusable UI components that can handle data that changes regularly\cite{ReactHistory}.
\\

> 

Reviewer: linje farm

\section{Why React?}
For our frontend, we considered two frameworks and a library: Vue.js, Angular and React.

> All of these web development tools are popular according to npm trends as well as the StackOverflow survey and are used by many different companies\cite{VueReactAngular}.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All of these web development tools are popular according to npm trends as well as the \texttt{StackOverflow} survey and are used by many different companies\cite{VueReactAngular}.
```

\\

> Each of these web development tools have extended documentation and tutorials to get started on each their websites.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Each of these web development tools have extended documentation and tutorials to get started on their respective websites.
```

\\\\
Angular is the oldest of the three options we looked into and is created and maintained by Google\cite{AngularHistory}.
Performance wise Angular should be the slowest of the three and also the one that takes up the most space\cite{VueReactAngular}.
This is because Angular also provides templates and testing utilities for its user.
It is a complete package and should provide the developer with all the functionality he needs for a frontend project.
\\\\

> Vue.js is the newest of the three it was developed by an ex-engineer of Google and is the one that uses the least amount of space, making it good for small web projects\cite{ComparisonWithOtherFrameworks}.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Vue.js is the newest of the three, developed by an ex-engineer of Google and is the one that uses the least amount of space, making it good for small web projects\cite{ComparisonWithOtherFrameworks}.
```

Vue.js, like Angular, is also a framework and is designed around its ecosystem which offers its developers add-ons like Vue.js Router which makes it a bit more flexible than Angular since it does not come in one big package.
\\\\

> React, unlike the two other, is only a library\cite{ReactJS}, not a lot is provided in the React library which in turn gives the developer the option to choose what programming tools he or she wants to use in their project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
React, unlike the two others, is only a library\cite{ReactJS}.
Not a lot is provided in the React library which in turn gives the developer the option to choose what programming tools he or she wants to use in their project.
```

It is developed and maintained by Facebook\cite{ReactHistory}.
Space wise it only uses a bit more than Vue.js which still makes it a good choice for small projects.
\\\\
Most of the members from the group have already used Angular for a previous project and wanted to try one of the other options, ruling out Angular. 
\\
The decision between Vue.js and React was difficult but the extra flexibility of react spiked the most interest from the team even though Vue.js should be easier to learn according to the internet\cite{ComparisonWithOtherFrameworks}.

> According to Google trends React is also much more frequently searched for compared to vue.js which lead us to think it is easier to find documentation and examples.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
According to Google trends React is also much more frequently searched for compared to vue.js which led us to think it would be easier to find documentation and examples.
```

Vue.js, like Angular, is also a framework and is designed around its ecosystem which offers its developers add-ons like Vue.js Router which makes it a bit more flexible than Angular since it does not come in one big package.
\\\\
React, unlike the two others, is only a library\cite{ReactJS}.
Not a lot is provided in the React library which in turn gives the developer the option to choose what programming tools he or she wants to use in their project.
It is developed and maintained by Facebook\cite{ReactHistory}.
Space wise it only uses a bit more than Vue.js which still makes it a good choice for small projects.
\\\\
Most of the members from the group have already used Angular for a previous project and wanted to try one of the other options, ruling out Angular. 
\\
The decision between Vue.js and React was difficult but the extra flexibility of react spiked the most interest from the team even though Vue.js should be easier to learn according to the internet\cite{ComparisonWithOtherFrameworks}.
According to Google trends React is also much more frequently searched for compared to vue.js which led us to think it would be easier to find documentation and examples.

> 

Reviewer 3: Because of the interest in React and the availability of documentation, we ultimately chose React.

\section{Why React?}

> For our frontend we looked at two JavaScript frameworks and a library, these were Vue, Angular and React.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For our frontend, we considered two frameworks and a library: Vue.js, Angular and React.
```

> Each of these frameworks and libraries are very popular web development tools and are used by many different companies\cite{VueReactAngular}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of these frameworks and libraries are popular web development tools and are widely used by different companies \cite{VueReactAngular}.
```

\\

> Each of these have extended documentation and are maintained by reputable companies.

Reviewer: Modsat hvem?

\\\\
Angular is the oldest of the three options we looked into. 

> Angular is created and maintained by Google.

Reviewer: Kan skrives som en enkel sætning

> It is generally considered the option with the steepest learning curve.

Reviewer: by who

Reviewer: er det ikke super subjektivt?

> Performance wise Angular should be the slowest of the three and also the one that takes up the most space.

Reviewer: er det slowest i performance? u udvikling? 

Tager det mere plads når det er compiled?

This is because Angular also provides templates and testing utilities for its user.
It is a complete package and should provide the developer with all the functionality he needs for a frontend project.
\\\\
Vue is the newest of the three. 

> It was developed by an ex-engineer of Google and is the one that uses the least amount of space, making it good for small web projects.

Reviewer: 1 sætning igen.

Gerne noget om hvorfor det er smallest

Vue is considered to be the easiest of the three to learn.
Vue, like Angular, is also a framework and is designed around its ecosystem which offers its developers add ons like Vue Router which makes it a bit more flexible than Angular since it does not come in one big package.
\\\\
React, unlike the two other, is only a library, not a lot is provided in the React library which in turn gives the developer the option to choose what programming tools he or she wants to use in their project.
It is developed and maintained by Facebook.
Space wise it only uses a bit more than Vue which still makes it a good choice for small projects.
\\\\

> Most of the team already used Angular for a project beforehand and wanted to try one of the other two web tools, ruling out Angular. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the members of the group already used Angular for a previous project and wanted to try one of the other two options, ruling out Angular. 
```

\\

> The decision between Vue and React was difficult but the extra flexibility of react spiked the most interest from the team even though Vue should be easier to learn according to the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The decision between Vue and React was difficult but the extra flexibility of React spiked the most interest from the team even though Vue should be easier to learn according to the internet.
```

Måske noget med at React er mere brugt i industrien?
